This series of tests is not obligatory but they may help you check that you are using program correctly. They are largely to test how usable the app is, ***if you find it difficult to use please tell me***.

_You do not have to do the tests, they are intended as a way to learn to use the app alongside the instructions_

Instructions can be found at: [X:/Path/To/File/Instuctions.md]
# Import tests

There is an automated checker that will tell you if you have correctly performed the import. This is in no necessary, the result is not recorded at all. The hope is simply that this will allow you to quickly check whether you have the intended result

>[!About Saving Results]
>When saving your results please put them in a folder with your name in the "Test Answers" folder. You may delete these when you are done but it makes it easier if you store any answers in this manner
>For example John would save his results in `Importer Testing/Test Answers/John/` and would save the tickets generated by his imports in `Importer Testing/Test Answers/John/Tickets/`

The input data for all the input tests can be found at [X://Path/to/input/data/]
## Test 1: Regular import
The first assay for ABC/01 has been counted (ABC-01_TC01_4min.001), you are tasked with importing it, this assay has 12 plates and is made up of 4 samples each of 3 plates. The final well on these is H1.

## Test 2: Plates swapped
The 1st of the two samples of the 2nd assay for ABC/01 (ABC-01_TC01_4min.002) had an issue while counting, it seems that plates 1 & 2 (PSNs 13 & 14) were loaded into the TopCount in the wrong order. You need to correct this, to do so you will have to use the "Add Recount" option.

>[!Warning]
>In brief: While the program will allow you to edit the original sample it will reject the edit unless you use the Add recount option and edit the recount sample
>
>If a sample is not marked with the hidden internal "Recount" flag then having plates in anything other consecutive ascending Plate sequence numbers will flag and cause the app to reject the sample. This check is performed at the end (when you click on the 'check' or 'submit' buttons) and so is likely to cause a lot of work to be lost. 
>
>***You must use the add recounted sample option and edit the sample that appears***

>[!Info]
>You should use the commit changes button within the Plates window when you are happy with the changes you have made to a sample to lock those changes in, clicking off of the sample ***before*** doing so will ***remove*** any changes you have made.
>
>If you do cannot find a plate that you have added in the "All available plates" listbox then first try the 'Repopulate' button and see if it appears. If this does not work, try to reopen it (via the "add recounted plates button"), if you are told that the assay is already in use then you will have to restart the program. While this is a known issue the bug is not replicable during testing making it impossible to rectify

## Test 3: Spike Recount
The only sample in the 3rd assay for ABC/01 (ABC-01_TC01_4min.003) has a spike on plate 2 (PSN:20), the plate was recounted in assay 4 (ABC-01_TC01_4min.004) this is the only plate in that assay (PSN:22). You will need to use the "Add Recount" and either the "Add Recounted Plates" (preferred) or the "Select Study" buttons within the "All available plates Window"

## Test 4: Spike Recount on Final Plate
The only sample in the 5th assay for ABC/01 (ABC-01_TC01_4min.005) has a spike on plate 3 (PSN:24), the plate was recounted in assay 6 (ABC-01_TC01_4min.006) this is the only plate in that assay (PSN:25). You will need to use the "Add Recount" and either the "Add Recounted Plates" (preferred) or "Select Study" buttons and the "Change Final Well" button within the "All available plates Window"

## Final Test: Importing a non-integer number of samples
In order to save time on the TopCount Nylad has decided to run his recounted plates at the end of the new plates that he ran today in total he has run two samples (of three plates each) plus an additional two recount plates. The data for this test can be found in the file for Assay 7 (ABC-01_TC01_4min.007). In [[Version 2.03]] this import will be largely similar to the process in test 4 but  using the "Add Empty Sample" button instead of the "Add Recount" sample button.

# Checking your results
To check your results you may either use the automated checker or you can check that the hashes of the generated files match (indeed this is all that the checker looks at). 

